1(a) For phase error (P.E.), it can be observed from the figure that
the small wavelengths of both the two methods lag far behind the
analytical solution while there is almost no phase error for large
wavelengths. Also, despite a little difference in small wavelengths
between the two methods, the two P.E. curves are almost identical.

However, the amplification ratio (A.R.) values of the two methods are
quite different, especially for small wavelengths. The figure shows
that for small wavelengths, the amplification factors of the central
method are almost three times as that of the analytical
solution (A.R. ~ 3.0). Meanwhile, for the upstream method, the
A.R. values are almost zeros for small wavelengths. Nevertheless, both
of the two methods converge to 1.0 as wavelength increases.

1(b) Both the results simulated at T=50 and T=100 show that compared
with the analytical solutions, the numerical results of the central
methods generate oscillations while numerical dispersions occur in the
upstream method.

These results are compatible with the Fourier analysis of part (a). As
shown in part (a), the A.R. values of the central method are around 3
for small wavelengths, causing the numerical oscillation behaviors
shown in the figure. Also, the low A.R. values of the upstream method
for small wavelengths result in the numerical dispersion of the
numerical solutions.

2(a) The A.R. and P.E. values of the Crank Nicolson method are almost
the same as that of the explicit method for the central and upstream
differences.

(b) Similar to the comparisons of the explicit method discussed in
part 1(b), for Crank Nicolson method, the upstream difference causes
numerical dispersions and the central difference induces numerical
oscillations. It complies with the Fourier analysis shown in part
2(a), as discussed in part 1(b).
